So now let's go and do our second sink function function remember to add a comma or else you would get
error because we are in that clean area.
Bruce is.
So the second is seeing functions objectives define all the products under this specific category they
belong to this idea but we want to limited only to 10 products but API call so does skip is we then
what we're doing is we are skipping how many products in general.
So for example let's see the per page equals 10 and then page equivalent to that's true.
For example all of this.
Then technically what we're doing is three times ten times three so ten times three of them to 30 right.
So whenever ten times three because it will skip actually 20 products and it's kind of confusing because
in computer science we start you know indexes start from 0 1 2 and 3.
So 30 is actually at 2.
So we are actually skipping 20 products so the list goes on for we'll skip 40 but actually we skip dairy
products.
So on and so forth.
So we move this so we just it is just we are skipping how many products and then leaving is you know
we limit we want to limit how many products that we want to show.
So per page we just want to show 10 products for each where he finally then we populate category and
owner.
So next is exact.
Once we get the products we be.
So we want to pass in next function.
So we put two variables in the callbacks which is which are products and total products you must put
error first or now before these two variables in the next video.
We will continue on with the final scene.
I'll see you guys in the next few.